#1. CONTEXT
Nothing has been implemented yet.
#2. THE GOAL
Implement a microservice (assistant) that is used to create a task list for other assistants.
He must have pens.:
1) Accept the task file, in json format.
2) Get information about the current work task.
3) Get a list of all the tasks in the queue.
4) Get a list of all the tasks that are done.
5) Get the log of the current task.
6) Get the log of the selected task.
7) Get the start page index.html .
8) Add one task, accepts json with the task body.
9) Delete the task.
10) Stop the task.
11) Run the task.
12) Add an assistant.
13) Delete the assistant.
14) Stop the assistant.
He should have a list of assistants.
The microservice receives a request or task that describes the functionality or function or application with a detailed description of the functionality.
And the microservice analyzes this task and creates a list of tasks that assistants can pick up.
#3. DETAILS
An assistant is an AI agent who interacts with llm and solves the task assigned to him.
The structure of the decomposed tasks:
{
"id_task": *,
  "description": "Task description goes here",
  "notes": "Important points go here",
  "expected_output": "Expected results go here",
  "test_cases": "Test data and execution results are listed here",
  "func_signature": "Example function signature is specified here, this parameter may be empty",
  "status": "new"
}
"status" can be "new", "error", "run", "ok".
#4. OUTPUT FORMAT
Form the answer strictly according to these requirements:
1) First comes the code in Go.
2) At the end there is a txt file that describes why this particular code was written.
3) Unlimited volume.
#5. EXAMPLES (FEW-SHOT)
I need an answer similar to this example.:
Input: Write a code in Go that should return the text "Hello world!".
Exit:
package main
import "fmt"
func main() {
    fmt.Println("Hello world!")
}
#6. RESTRICTIONS
In the answer, DON'T use:
- Water and general phrases.
- Nothing but the Go code and a comment in it and a txt file describing why such a code was selected, there should be nothing else.